feat: customize rake namespace (#61)
adacosta/mongoid_rails_migrations: README.md

Run migrations:
```console
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate:down VERSION=
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate:up VERSION=
$ rails db:mongoid:rollback
$ rails db:mongoid:rollback_to VERSION=
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate:redo
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate:reset
$ rails db:mongoid:migrate:status

> $ rails db:mongoid:reseed (handled by mongoid)

Reviewer: This `reseed` task actually does not even exists in current versions of Mongoid, and it's not from this gem, so I think we can remove it.

$ rails db:mongoid:version
```

> > [!NOTE]  
> > The gem will also bind the tasks to `db:migrate` if they are not already defined (e.g., for compatibility with
> > tools like ActiveRecord). It is recommended to use `db:mongoid:migrate` as the preferred option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> The gem will also bind most tasks to the default `db` namespace (e.g. `db:migrate`) if they are not already defined. This is for better compatibility with existing code and tools. It is recommended to use `db:mongoid:migrate` as the preferred option though, for better consistency with Mongoid default tasks, expliciteness and stability (e.g. if you add ActiveRecord later).
```
